---
schema_version: "1.0"
generator: "ts-formatter"
generated_at: "2026-01-28T00:00:00Z"
---

# Full Transcript

> **Extracted from:** [transcript-meeting-001](./00-index.md)
> **Total Segments:** 35
> **Duration:** 8:25

## Opening and Individual Updates

### {#seg-001} 00:00:00 - Alice (PM)

Good morning everyone. Let's start our daily standup.

---

### {#seg-002} 00:00:05 - Alice (PM)

Bob, would you like to kick us off with your update?

---

### {#seg-003} 00:00:12 - Bob (Backend)

Sure. Yesterday I finished the API authentication module. Today I'll work on the database migration scripts. No blockers for me.

---

### {#seg-004} 00:00:25 - Alice (PM)

Great progress on the auth module. Charlie, you're up next.

---

### {#seg-005} 00:00:32 - Charlie (Frontend)

Yesterday I completed the login form UI. I'm waiting on Bob's API to test the integration. Today I need to implement the password reset flow.

---

### {#seg-006} 00:00:52 - Bob (Backend)

The authentication endpoints are ready. I'll send you the Swagger documentation after this meeting.

**Action:** [#act-001](./04-action-items.md#act-001) - Send API documentation to Charlie

---

### {#seg-007} 00:01:05 - Charlie (Frontend)

Perfect, that will unblock me. Thanks Bob.

---

### {#seg-008} 00:01:12 - Alice (PM)

Diana, how is the test planning going?

---

### {#seg-009} 00:01:25 - Diana (QA)

I've drafted the test cases for the authentication flow. I need to review them with the team. Can we schedule a test case review session this week?

---

## Test Review Scheduling

### {#seg-010} 00:01:48 - Alice (PM)

Good question. Let's go with Thursday afternoon for the review. Does that work for everyone?

---

### {#seg-011} 00:02:05 - Bob (Backend)

Thursday works for me.

---

### {#seg-012} 00:02:10 - Charlie (Frontend)

I'm free Thursday afternoon.

---

### {#seg-013} 00:02:15 - Diana (QA)

Perfect. I'll send out the calendar invite.

---

## Deployment Timeline

### {#seg-014} 00:02:20 - Alice (PM)

Before we wrap up, we need to discuss the deployment timeline. The stakeholders are asking about the release date.

---

### {#seg-015} 00:02:45 - Bob (Backend)

Based on current progress, I think we can have the backend ready by next Friday. The migration will need a weekend window though.

---

### {#seg-016} 00:03:05 - Charlie (Frontend)

The frontend should be ready by Wednesday if the API integration goes smoothly today.

---

### {#seg-017} 00:03:22 - Diana (QA)

I'll need at least three days for regression testing after integration. So if integration completes Wednesday, I can finish testing by Monday.

---

### {#seg-018} 00:03:40 - Alice (PM)

So we're looking at a Monday release. We decided to target Monday the 15th for production deployment.

**Decision:** [#dec-001](./05-decisions.md#dec-001) - Target Monday the 15th

---

### {#seg-019} 00:04:00 - Bob (Backend)

Sounds good. I will prepare the rollback scripts as a safety measure. That's assigned to me for tomorrow.

**Action:** [#act-002](./04-action-items.md#act-002) - Prepare rollback scripts

---

### {#seg-020} 00:04:18 - Alice (PM)

Excellent. Charlie, can you work with Diana to create a smoke test checklist for the deployment?

**Action:** [#act-003](./04-action-items.md#act-003) - Create smoke test checklist

---

### {#seg-021} 00:04:35 - Charlie (Frontend)

Will do. Diana, let's sync after this meeting.

---

### {#seg-022} 00:04:45 - Diana (QA)

Agreed. I'll block some time on our calendars.

---

## Feature Flag Discussion

### {#seg-023} 00:04:52 - Alice (PM)

One more thing. How do we want to handle the feature flag for the new authentication? Should we do a gradual rollout?

**Question:** [#que-001](./06-questions.md#que-001) - Feature flag handling

---

### {#seg-024} 00:05:10 - Bob (Backend)

I recommend a phased approach. We can start with internal users, then expand to 10% of production traffic.

---

### {#seg-025} 00:05:32 - Diana (QA)

That aligns with our testing strategy. We agreed to use the phased rollout approach.

**Decision:** [#dec-002](./05-decisions.md#dec-002) - Phased rollout approach

---

### {#seg-026} 00:05:45 - Alice (PM)

Perfect. I'll update the release plan document with these decisions.

**Action:** [#act-005](./04-action-items.md#act-005) - Update release plan

---

## Legacy Endpoint Discussion

### {#seg-027} 00:06:00 - Charlie (Frontend)

Quick question - what about the legacy login endpoint? Are we deprecating it immediately?

**Question:** [#que-002](./06-questions.md#que-002) - Legacy endpoint deprecation

---

### {#seg-028} 00:06:15 - Bob (Backend)

We should keep it running in parallel for at least two weeks. I need to add deprecation warnings to the API response headers.

**Decision:** [#dec-003](./05-decisions.md#dec-003) - Legacy endpoint runs for 2 weeks
**Action:** [#act-004](./04-action-items.md#act-004) - Add deprecation warnings

---

### {#seg-029} 00:06:35 - Alice (PM)

Good thinking. Add that to your task list, Bob.

---

### {#seg-030} 00:06:48 - Bob (Backend)

Already on it. I'll create the ticket after this meeting.

---

## Meeting Wrap-up

### {#seg-031} 00:06:55 - Alice (PM)

Alright team, great discussion. Let's recap the action items.

---

### {#seg-032} 00:07:10 - Alice (PM)

Bob will send API documentation to Charlie, prepare rollback scripts, and add deprecation warnings to the legacy endpoint.

---

### {#seg-033} 00:07:25 - Alice (PM)

Charlie will implement password reset and work with Diana on the smoke test checklist.

---

### {#seg-034} 00:07:38 - Alice (PM)

Diana will send the test review invite for Thursday and complete the test case documentation.

---

### {#seg-035} 00:07:50 - Alice (PM)

And I'll update the release plan with our decisions. Any questions?

---

### {#seg-036} 00:08:00 - Bob (Backend)

All clear from my side.

---

### {#seg-037} 00:08:05 - Charlie (Frontend)

Good to go.

---

### {#seg-038} 00:08:10 - Diana (QA)

No questions here.

---

### {#seg-039} 00:08:15 - Alice (PM)

Great work everyone. Let's have a productive day. Meeting adjourned.

---

<backlinks>
Referenced in:
- [00-index.md](./00-index.md) - Navigation
- [04-action-items.md](./04-action-items.md) - Source citations
- [05-decisions.md](./05-decisions.md) - Source citations
- [06-questions.md](./06-questions.md) - Source citations
</backlinks>
